Remove problematic part from `unbind` docs (#2570) (#2572)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/tools/neo4j-admin/unbind.adoc

In Neo4j 5.x, use the `unbind` command only when troubleshooting **a specific server** and remember there is no guarantee that the allocator will reassign the same databases to this server, potentially resulting in orphaned database stores.

The `unbind` command preserves all database stores on the server; and when the unbound server is restarted, it is seen as an entirely new server.
Therefore, it will not host any of the databases it hosted before the operation.

> In 2025.x, the `unbind` command cannot be used to convert a cluster member into a standalone server.

Author: ```suggestion
In Neo4j 5.x, the `unbind` command cannot be used to convert a cluster member into a standalone server.
```
